title: DoCSoc Weekly Digest
date: 2013-02-21 10:00

# DoCSoc Bar Night
We’re having another bar night! 6-11pm on the 12th November, at the Union. Come along and meet some of your fellow computing students. £3 in, and your ticket gets you four drinks (that’s a pretty flippin’ great deal).

- **When**: 6-11pm, 12th November
- **Where**: Union Bar

# Credit Suisse IT Competition
Are you fascinated by the technologies that make the world move? Credit Suisse can give you a chance to take the next exciting steps!

Participate in the Credit Suisse IT Challenge and showcase your analytical skills by answering two mini-quizzes and submitting two case solutions.

Be the lucky winner of an iPad with Retina display, Amazon vouchers or a grand opportunity to meet senior representatives at Credit Suisse in London.

The competition runs until November 8, 2013.

Do not miss this opportunity! [Apply today](www.credit-suisse.com/itcompetition)

Good Luck!

# Hackin’ The City Hackathon

**Date**: 30 November 2013 11am to 1 December 2013 4pm
**Venue**: Level39, 1 Canada Square, London E14 5AB
**Website**: http://hackinthecity.com
**Facebook Page**: http://facebook.com/hackinthecity


# BlackRock Technologies Event
BlackRock: Technology graduate and internship event

- **When**: Mon 11th November

To find out more details or to apply, please contact [events@staffordlong.co.uk](mailto:events@staffordlong.co.uk).  

# GResearch Event Cancelled

The GResearch event on the 6th November has unfortunately been cancelled. We’re looking to reschedule - keep an ear open for further news.
