---
title: 
show_social: false
show_agenda: false
show_sponsorship: false
...

<center>
    <h2>
      Consumer Credit Checking for Fun &amp; Profit
    </h2>
</center>

<center>
    ![Netcraft Logo](https://docsoc.co.uk/img/sponsors/netcraft_logo.png)
</center>

---

<center>
    <span style="font-size: 1.7em;">
    [**Facebook Event**](https://www.facebook.comevents/1866631386986389/)
    </span>
    <br>
    <h3>
        <strong>
            18.00-23.00, 16th October. Royal School of Mines (RSM) G01.
        </strong>
    </h3>
</center>

Fancy taking out a new credit card or payday loan in some else’s name, but
don't yet know enough about your victim? No need to root around in dustbins…
steal data from thousands of people at once from a credit reference bureau!

You've found a web interface used by banks to perform credit reference
searches, which contains detailed personal information of many hundreds of
thousands of individuals in the UK. If you can find a way to extract some of
this data, you're in the money.

Unfortunately, the interface requires a login. Even as a top fraudster you
don’t yet have any login credentials. Luckily for you the interface was
implemented in a rush and there might be some implementation mistakes
allowing you to extract personal information. As a seasoned fraudster, you
have prior experience in breaching websites.

Equifax's recent data breach between May and July 2017 resulted in the
compromise of personal information for ~145.5m US citizens, along with at
least 400k UK citizens. After their disclosure in September 2017, Equifax set
up a website to help citizens determine whether they'd been included in the
breach. This website also suffered from a number of flaws, with some browser
vendors—including Google Chrome—classifying it as a phishing site.

It was also disclosed in September that Equifax's Argentinian arm had left
private data from 14,000 customers (and 100+ staff members) available to
anybody who utilised default login credentials.

Netcraft is running a workshop where you can learn how to find and exploit
vulnerabilities in web applications, including server misconfigurations and
programming errors. You will discover how simple errors can be used by
criminals to exploit websites, ultimately resulting in large losses of data.

Your challenge, after a short tutorial outlining and illustrating the
concepts, is to compete against your peers to exfiltrate as much data as
possible. Your objective is to identify vulnerabilities within the credit
portal, exploiting these to steal personal information. Netcraft staff will
be available to help.

To take part, bring your own laptop with a modern web browser. Swotting up on
common web vulnerabilities and misconfigurations may improve your chances.

Pizza and drinks will be provided at the event.

**This event does not require a ticket** - simply press 'Going' on the [Facebook
event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1866631386986389/). As always, you
must be a member of DoCSoc in order to enjoy this event. Computing, JMC and
EIE students are automatically members.